EDU-3996: Add documentation for how to connect with api keys and multi-region namespaces (#3361)
temporalio/documentation: docs/production-deployment/cloud/account-setup/namespaces.mdx

   Just below that is a row of information including the completed Workflow retention policy, the Namespace region, the Actions-Per-Second limit, and the gRPC endpoint.
5. Click the copy icon next to the gRPC address to copy it to your clipboard.

> <div className="tdiw">

Author: i noticed the image isn't loading on the docs page so it might be better to just remove this

{/* How to access a Namespace in Temporal Cloud */}

Temporal supports authentication to Namespaces using [API keys](/cloud/api-keys) or [mTLS](/cloud/certificates).
We currently only support one authentication method at a time, which is determined at namespace creation time.
If you require migrating from one authentication method to another, please contact [Temporal Support](https://support.temporal.io).

Authentication methods require specific endpoints in order to programmatically access your namespace.
- For the API key authentication method, use the endpoint format `<region>.<cloud_provider>.api.temporal.io:7233`.
- For the mTLS authentication method, use the endpoint format `<namespace>.<account>.tmprl.cloud:7233`.

> - For [multi-region Namespaces](/cloud/multi-region) use the endpoint format `<namespace>.<account>.tmprl.cloud:7233` regardless of authentication method, because it allows automated regional failover without needing to switch endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For [Namespaces with High Availability features](/cloud/high-availability) use the endpoint format `<namespace>.<account>.tmprl.cloud:7233` regardless of authentication method, because it allows automated failover without needing to switch endpoints.
```

> For information on how to connect to clients using a specific authentication method see the following documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on how to connect to Clients using a specific authentication method see the following documentation.
```

{/* How to access a Namespace in Temporal Cloud */}

Temporal Cloud supports authentication to Namespaces using [API keys](/cloud/api-keys) or [mTLS](/cloud/certificates).
A Namespace only supports one authentication method at a time.

> This is determined at Namespace creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method is set at Namespace creation.
```

:::tip

If you need to migrate from one authentication method to another, please contact [Support](https://support.temporal.io).

:::

Authentication methods require specific endpoints in order to programmatically access your Namespace.
- For the API key authentication method, use the endpoint format `<region>.<cloud_provider>.api.temporal.io:7233`.
- For the mTLS authentication method, use the endpoint format `<namespace>.<account>.tmprl.cloud:7233`.

> - For [Namespaces with High Availability Features](/cloud/high-availability) use the endpoint format `<namespace>.<account>.tmprl.cloud:7233` regardless of your authentication method, because it allows automated failover without needing to switch your endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For [Namespaces with High Availability features](/cloud/high-availability), use the endpoint format `<namespace>.<account>.tmprl.cloud:7233` regardless of your authentication method.
  This allows automated failover without needing to switch your endpoint.
```

For information on how to connect to Clients using a specific authentication method see the following documentation.
- To use API keys to connect with the [Temporal CLI](/cli), [Client SDK](/develop), [tcld](/cloud/tcld), and [Cloud Ops API](/ops), see [Use API keys to authenticate](/cloud/api-keys#using-apikeys).
- To use mTLS to connect with the [Temporal CLI](/cli) and [Client SDK](/develop) see [Configure Clients to use Client certificates](/cloud/certificates#configure-clients).

> For accessing Temporal Web UI, use the HTTPS endpoint in the form `https://cloud.temporal.io/namespaces/<namespace>.<account>`; for example, `https://cloud.temporal.io/namespaces/accounting-production.f45a2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For accessing Temporal Web UI, use the HTTPS endpoint in the form:

 ```
 https://cloud.temporal.io/namespaces/<namespace>.<account>
```
For example:

```
https://cloud.temporal.io/namespaces/accounting-production.f45a2
```
```

> For accessing Temporal Web UI, use the HTTPS endpoint in the form `https://cloud.temporal.io/namespaces/<namespace>.<account>`; for example, `https://cloud.temporal.io/namespaces/accounting-production.f45a2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For accessing Temporal Web UI, use the HTTPS endpoint in the form:

```sh
https://cloud.temporal.io/namespaces/<namespace>.<account>
```

For example:

```sh
https://cloud.temporal.io/namespaces/accounting-production.f45a2
```

```

> For accessing Temporal Web UI, use the HTTPS endpoint in the form `https://cloud.temporal.io/namespaces/<namespace>.<account>`; for example, `https://cloud.temporal.io/namespaces/accounting-production.f45a2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For accessing Temporal Web UI, use the HTTPS endpoint in the form:

    https://cloud.temporal.io/namespaces/<namespace>.<account>
    
 For example:
 
    https://cloud.temporal.io/namespaces/accounting-production.f45a2

```

I did 4-spaces for code face because I couldn't get suggestion to work with embedded triple backticks. :(

Author: Is your suggestion to use triple backticks instead?

Reviewer: It is, but it shouldn't have to stop the PR from being published. Just trying to point out where things can be improved.
